Lauren Anderson: Now it's the opposite direction. I don't know why it's doing that is
Gwenevere Abriel: So bizarre like
Lauren Anderson: Got a mind of a
Gwenevere Abriel: Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just got to tell you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be positive, by the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I say that just just how brave, you are
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know that anybody else is privileged to know what kind of courage it takes to show up here with me again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, I don't know that anybody gets it. But you and I have a tiny little idea of how hard this might be to be here again with me this person. You don't even want to work with and you're here. I am just
Gwenevere Abriel: profoundly impressed.
Lauren Anderson: Thank you.
Lauren Anderson: You know, I'm more nervous for the group's than the individual, which is kind of odd. I mean like I feel like I have to do more prepping mentally for the individual
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, but as far as actual like anxiety, like I was mentioning yesterday. It's far worse for the group like I get sweaty palms pounding heart.
Lauren Anderson: The hyperventilating to like when I was speaking yesterday, I was like, by the time I finished. I was like,
Lauren Anderson: You know, like I really needed to catch my breath. I hadn't been, you know, it's really difficult for me and even thinking like before one o'clock.
Lauren Anderson: The whole morning, even the whole weekend, kind of, and by Monday morning. It's really so it's a much bigger anxiety for the group, for some reason, even though it's more relaxed and not as personal intense but it's a social thing, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't we, if you're open to it, let's pay attention to that and see if it could feel better. Why don't we play with it a little bit. So, for example, I'm just going to throw some brainstorming ideas out. What if
Gwenevere Abriel: You knew in in the group itself that you could remember how we do that in in this session before where you were on your kind of come off the screen. What if you knew that you could you could be WAY ON THE OUTSIDE UNTIL YOUR HEART RATE came down
Lauren Anderson: You mean when I'm actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Speaking, you could. This is, this is what I'm inviting
Gwenevere Abriel: That when you start to think about, hey, I have to go to group and maybe it's Sunday night or even Saturday, you think, oh no, and the heart rates and there's some anticipation about it. What if you knew that when you log into group. You do. You can literally be off to the side in the video.
Lauren Anderson: Like where they can't see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, yeah.
Lauren Anderson: I said I am there and I'm present. I mean, I'm, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So because I want you to progressively see your heart rate go down. I want to do that experiment with you. It's such a cool thing. We have this thing where you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Still be there but not be there. It might turn the intensity down so that, let's say you do that for 510 minutes or something. Let's say you're in there. Let's say you see the doc and you go, Hey doc okay and and i say i say Dr Arielle
Gwenevere Abriel: We're refining it. You'll have to tell me what would be good. And I say, Dr. Gabriel, we're doing, we're doing a little experiment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll tell me what you want me to say and not want me to say. So I'm just going to throw out one idea which is Hey doc.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lauren feels sort of this elevated stress response and even thinking about being here in group, she were doing an experiment to see if she can regulate off screen bringing heart rate down
Gwenevere Abriel: To a point where she can start to come a little closer into the screen and win her heart rate goes down. She's going to experiment.
Gwenevere Abriel: With leaning on a little bit more so that she can progressively approximate
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what is it is it is it she catches a glimpse of herself or she see someone moving quickly but she's going to do some experimenting and I would say, Hey doc. Are you okay with that. I know she's gonna say yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm
Lauren Anderson: Just gonna present like a step by step, trying to acclimate
Lauren Anderson: Social without the physical negative physical response. You know what I noticed in group that's kind of cool though that I think it's helped helping me socially, a little bit.
Lauren Anderson: Is
Lauren Anderson: The fact that it's video somehow a little bit is helping me not go on and on and on and on and on. And the fact we're waiting and listening to other people's responses. I don't know. It's just even in my own responses. It's helping me
Lauren Anderson: Synthesize it break it.
Lauren Anderson: condense it put in more. You know what I mean.
Lauren Anderson: More as much of the nucleus as possible of what I really want to get across. And, and also because we don't have the interrupting kind of feature where, oh, did I commenting. You know that there. I don't know. Just that little tiny added a barriers between everybody, including the mute option.
Lauren Anderson: And maybe even how you can change the option of looking where you're only looking at the person who's speaking or you can scan and you can see who all is on there.
Lauren Anderson: But both of those things, and also the thing I mentioned prior to mention the mute thing. All of us together. I think already have
Lauren Anderson: The experience of group. Maybe that's why I have extra anxiety about it, but it's
Lauren Anderson: It's already helping train me socially, but a little bit. And I've noticed that outside of group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. How so, what have you noticed
Lauren Anderson: But a little bit I'm
Lauren Anderson: Stopping I'm
Lauren Anderson: I'm pausing before I speak to think what I really want to say and
Lauren Anderson: To some degree, I'm able to shut up. I mean, not really. I'm still it's still a major issue for me anxiety. I just really my mouth just runs like a motor, but I just seen a little bit helping are
Lauren Anderson: Surprisingly, and sometimes I'm actually able to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Cuz I mean I can go on and on. If I've got a friend over and they're willing your
Lauren Anderson: I will go on. I can ramble on and on endlessly where I'm exhausted and can't breathe. I'm even talking about how exhausting Jeffrey the gets up talking. But, you know, but I've noticed it to some degree in some occasions and normally it's zero occasions I always have that, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's acknowledge it. So one of one of your goals is I want less social anxiety and
Gwenevere Abriel: These see there's some of the little things that make note of just so far.
Gwenevere Abriel: Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh. I've got on April 16
Gwenevere Abriel: And this was you were sharing while you were having some emoting so you are having some Crying YOU HAD SAID ONCE emotions start I automatically think about the things I'm sad about
Lauren Anderson: It was something that yeah I know everything. I think it's the feeling of sadness actually getting
Lauren Anderson: In that state maybe
Lauren Anderson: It could be a brain thing where it's automatically going to those to the memory bank to long term memory break and triggering those memories because it's the emotion that reminds me of them just like a smell. Can you remind us that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. So, for
Lauren Anderson: Either snowball
Gwenevere Abriel: looking outside
Gwenevere Abriel: And seeing what you're describing what it resembles is the re experiencing of trauma is what it looks like is it says if that same sadness from many, many, many times ago is being all cumulatively felt right in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of it. Yeah. Instead of it matching
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, wait a minute. Nothing's happening with this group right now.
Lauren Anderson: Well, but I think not really things that are I mean it's things that I'm still morning
Lauren Anderson: With it seems I'm reminded that I'm not
Lauren Anderson: Over but things that are still very real and present in the present moment.
Lauren Anderson: Very sad for me it's just then daily life.
Lauren Anderson: I you know I really can't even start to think about those things for dwell on a Myrtle, really, you know, easy to go down the spiral that with that. But yeah, it seems, I'm not okay was still not over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, thank you for clearing that up so it's it's that you're you're having a grief response to expectation relationship or some some piece of
Gwenevere Abriel: You having to let go and maybe it isn't quite done yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Lauren Anderson: Might be my body trying to
Lauren Anderson: Deal with it, actually, when I started to cry that it brings up other things that I'm sad about like it's trying trying to let me work through it through tears. Now, I'm not sure, but
Lauren Anderson: It scared me though, based on my past experience like I told you how, when I start
Lauren Anderson: It's in the past it's been very difficult for me to stop if I really get in that depressed state a cry for literally days on end continually and that's when I finally
Lauren Anderson: I I'm so sad and it's it the sadness just gets bigger and bigger, more magnified by then that's I
Lauren Anderson: That's when I hurt myself when I caught myself to stop the sadness and its tracks it transfers it from my emotional sadness to a physical pain and it takes it away, so that's that's what scares me about it.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, run away.
Can I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I share something
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, I'm guessing. But again, what what psychology offers. Is that what might be missing in this recipe that happened before the one that you just referenced, which was I cried for days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you remember you cried for days and it just kept going and going and going, as if there was no end to that sorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you may have now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is an opportunity to do it with another. Now I know we've had a disruption and we've you and I'll have to prepare our trust thing, but I know it's there. I know I can still contain
Gwenevere Abriel: Your sorrow and your grief. I know I can do it, so I'm not worried about just the me part, but I just want to do some psycho education around how this might be different, which means when you were crying for days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there no one there.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do that with
Lauren Anderson: Um, yeah. I mean, there could be or could not it's it happened at my mother's house, you know, she's tried to help me and no boyfriends not so good when they were there usually alone. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what's different. One of the reasons why I'm bringing it up is because it's next level suffering to have brief and to feel alone in it.
Lauren Anderson: I don't really want to share it, though, didn't feel anything for
Lauren Anderson: Me. No, it's so
Special
Lauren Anderson: I don't almost don't even want to share the information of the grief because it's
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess it's
Lauren Anderson: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I do remember when I started with. In the beginning I said first there would need to be repair number I said about trust.
Lauren Anderson: And yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That takes time since I already know it's it's a vulnerable thing for you anyway. And then we had this this event that happened. And so we've got this
Gwenevere Abriel: Rumor. But I'm patient. I think that it will get there, but I'm just doing some psycho education around, you're not exactly the same person. You don't have exactly the same resources as you did then you are a different person today you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are chemically biologically cellular Lee, you are different.
Lauren Anderson: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You, whether it's trusted or not. You didn't have bright heart health, you didn't have a group and you didn't have a therapist, like me, I'm good or bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good or bad um
Gwenevere Abriel: Who really wants to be here to hold with you, your grief. I know don't want to tell me the story. That's fine. I get it. I'm just doing psychological education around it. Right. And just talking about it. I'm saying in essence.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's hope there's hope because it might mean you could really let go and also know you're going to be okay. You won't fall apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that gives some flexibility to it means that I can meet my own grief my own sorrow and be okay. I won't end up cutting
Gwenevere Abriel: It means I can be my full authentic self. I can be really mad, I can be really sad. I can be really jealous. I could be super happy. I could be all those things, and I won't be consumed by it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I can
Gwenevere Abriel: I can meet those feelings and they will pass, but there's something very unique that happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we do it with a trusted. Notice the trusted other and I got to earn that it it's a different kind of experience. It means I'm not alone. And it does a rewiring to the brain that doing this grief thing on your own just can't do it doesn't do it the same way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that may seem really kooky but it has to do with attachment theory, an object relations. It depends on kind of what you've studied or kind of what you're buying is but
Gwenevere Abriel: If our rupture was interpersonal the repair it has to be interpersonal and it's so weird. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You wouldn't think so, like, I don't want anybody to know my business. I don't want them to know what's going on, but something magical can happen when we're at our worst and we see in another's eyes that you're going to be okay that they can handle and hold and contain
Gwenevere Abriel: The intensity of your emotion and you see it were once in childhood, year after year after year, they couldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, that's the psychological explanation of it. So whether it happens or not I'm open
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's let's get into the nitty gritty, a little bit more around this these notes that I wrote, I wrote
Gwenevere Abriel: On May six, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. Okay, there was right. Will you describe you don't use the word hyper verbal behavioral health has that word. What do you call it when you're talking and you don't find the pause in between thoughts. What do you call it.
Lauren Anderson: And I can't
Lauren Anderson: Stop but
Lauren Anderson: Actually
Lauren Anderson: My mom calls it something that I can never remember what she said. But hyper variable is a pretty good.
Lauren Anderson: Descriptive
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one doesn't offend you, or anything we could use that one comfortably.
Lauren Anderson: No, that's yeah just grabbed a pretty well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Lauren Anderson: Well, think about it. If I come. If I think of a more accurate description. I'll let you know. Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it does make me think.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it might be therapeutic to come up with an imaginative way to channel that right you know how you were saying I'll talk when I'm nervous. I'll just keep talking because you're so you're so smart, you have all these words right and you can come up with them for hours, probably
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, once I start if I can
Lauren Anderson: keep my mouth shut, and around people and not start it's okay to be silent, but once I start
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: So as an anxiety, just like you're saying, yeah.
Lauren Anderson: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, I think if we if we just zeroed in on that part, which means really getting to know
Gwenevere Abriel: How your body feels when certain let's say a few words are flowing. Or maybe you are catching it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but then there's maybe uncertainty about, well, I don't know how to end it i don't i don't know how to gracefully kind of end. A THOUGHT MAYBE IT'S NOT. I DON'T KNOW idea.
Lauren Anderson: Because partly some of my last romantic relationship and probably most of the other ones like. Like I said earlier, kind of find the same
Lauren Anderson: dynamics that I had with my step mom like I'm trying to resolve that relationship, since I couldn't was her or something like keep daddy's emotional, verbal abusers, but the anxiety. Is that worse over the years and I recognize it some
Lauren Anderson: Especially with my last boyfriend. He was an alcoholic. He drank like he broke up with me three to four times a week and would never remember he was always blackout drunk and would yell at me for hours.
Lauren Anderson: And so basically, the next time it happened, I was not even slightly healed. So, it kept like ripping me deeper, it probably was the worst trauma of all the boyfriends even a erotically we're friends now. But I have no alcohol policy.
Lauren Anderson: We cannot drink here and if he starts drinking at his house. I'm gone. So, um,
Lauren Anderson: So just kind of almost acquaintances very slight friends but
Lauren Anderson: We when he would get drunk he would get more and more argumentative and so we'd get in these big arguments and I could never finish the sentence he was cooked forever cutting me off and interrupting me.
Lauren Anderson: And I did have the anxiety. Before that, but I've recognized. Since then, how escalated. It's become and
Lauren Anderson: I think it's partly this desperation to finish my thought and get my feelings and thoughts across before I get cut off.
Lauren Anderson: And I think it's made me a hyper aware of others tendencies, myself included, actually, to interrupt others before they finish a sentence or a thought. It's very common and so like
Lauren Anderson: And I do it too. But I think the second someone even seems like they already know what they want to say and are going to speak when I'm not finished with my thought. It gives me that extra anxiety and I start talking faster, trying to get through.
Lauren Anderson: The rest of my thought before they cut me off.
Lauren Anderson: And a lot of times they are trying to get in their way. Maybe I'm not done with my please let me finish first, but the anxiety increases. And then I explained this now. So, and I know it's me. I'm not trying to like
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay, you're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Lauren Anderson: I really think that's where it's coming from at least white white got worse and probably in a nutshell. Its origins. Anyways, was something kind of around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, I think you're onto a good hypothesis there.
Lauren Anderson: And maybe also blocking them from speaking a because i i'm afraid of the abuse to
Gwenevere Abriel: Perhaps what is, um, what if we
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we go back a little further and all we do for the rest of today it unless you want to take a different direction. But what if we just truly
Gwenevere Abriel: Honestly, just take what resembles like do you happen to have paper and pen. We do a little experiment we do it. Yeah, just grab a piece of paper. I'm going to do it with you. So I'm going to be drawing and writing things just
Lauren Anderson: Because you
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you either vertical or horizontal. It's up to you. I'm doing mine. Like it's landscape. And I just drew a line I just drew a line down.
Lauren Anderson: Can I use the bottom of these pages are, the better. I have a whole page.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me, let me give the invitation and then you decide also are getting one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: I'll just start new and then it's a note.
Lauren Anderson: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to you. Remember, you're going to be informing the next step. So I'm going to. I haven't even said with the invitation is yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to the messages messages of the body catcher as soon as I invite it try it gets tight. What gets kind of vibrated tension relaxation, maybe TWISTING, TURNING
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever comes up, try to catch it as quick as you can. So here comes the invitation. So looking at your page. I'm looking at line.
Gwenevere Abriel: On one side, I would like you to draw stepmother and words to describe her what just happened.
Lauren Anderson: You're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: In your body. I just did the invitation. Want to know if anything came up
Gwenevere Abriel: To sell me shift or change just in that
Lauren Anderson: No, right, my mind is, again, I hope, I hope this is like a project, I can take home for next week we're going to the list. I don't care what the list right now the second but no knowing it or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so now we're halfway done for the invitation. So know where initial of the body, but the mind went to. I hope there's more time for this boy, I have a lot of words like probably have a lot of words, that kind of thing.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I don't want to for us when it's time to really, you know, keep bad and as I do. Yeah, this and that.
Lauren Anderson: Sure yeah I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to
Lauren Anderson: Be thorough, I guess, look.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's on one side.
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the other, I would like you to draw me and descriptions
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, did you notice anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice a stomach turn a tight chest anything in the body just now.
Lauren Anderson: Do you mean draw you or write your name.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the annotations exactly the same as for your stepmother exactly the same.
Lauren Anderson: Oh yeah, with this step is like you were just saying, write a list of descriptions and then when you said the other one. Then I rethought the word draw and I thought maybe meant meant it literally
Lauren Anderson: Or no
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to start over.
Lauren Anderson: I'm just confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Um, well, I've never done it before so I'm I'm on an adventure with you too. I have this want to play with it a little bit with you. I don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: Any formal sort of expectation. Let's just see where it evolves, the instruction or the invitation is on one side or the other. I don't care which side, I'd like you to draw
Gwenevere Abriel: A picture of your stepmother and sort of adjectives about her right things to describe her maybe her character personality her behavior just sort of get a sense of her and then on the right. The same thing me
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I look like. So it's a drawing, it's, I don't know if you're a stick figure type, go for it.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I knew I paid for this abstract more for therapy than this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what it would be. There's no constraints on this. There's this. That's right, that you could do whatever you want to
Lauren Anderson: Make it like a called Project. Let me paint.
Lauren Anderson: Paint.
Lauren Anderson: Oh, I mean,
Lauren Anderson: I mean, look at that. I mean, we could do. Maybe, like, you know, for roar shockers
Lauren Anderson: I mean, I'm looking, I could do your profile pretty well.
Lauren Anderson: Like I really tried to actually sketch it through. But as far as like for psychological help. I mean,
Lauren Anderson: I think I need a little more training as an artist.
Lauren Anderson: I don't know, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a breath, take a breath.
Lauren Anderson: I mean you go there alone, very different. Honestly,
Lauren Anderson: Very, very good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work is what you said, if I may, for psychological help, I would have to work on my arts
Lauren Anderson: My drawing skills. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: I can't really convey my feelings or even like my subconscious a very accurately with a pencil. Now, if I have paints and time my in my own space. I can more accurately convey my emotional, psychological state on the canvas. Yeah, so there's
Gwenevere Abriel: A little a little bit in between that you're saying a lot of important things. Let's, let's marinated what you just said. It's important to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had this flash just now have Lauren
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you allowed to make a mistake. Are you allowed that to just be whimsical and spontaneous. Is it okay that it'd be a funky looking
Gwenevere Abriel: stick figure
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I mean, if that's what you really want. I'm willing to do it. Sure.
Lauren Anderson: Is that an exercise moon to
Lauren Anderson: I am a perfectionist. Yeah, I would say that for sure, but I'm okay, making mistakes. I'm actually extremely silly. I do a lot of very silly things got a whole offshoot of song, the whole separate project that's basically a dark comedy so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I picked on. It's the perfectionist. That's what I just saw. And I it's it's convenient for me that you labeled it because then I didn't have to
Lauren Anderson: Well, I
Lauren Anderson: Like that. I mean, it couldn't be a, I guess it could be an obstacle. But in general, it's a it's been very, very good to me through my life, you know, my diligence was studying
Lauren Anderson: And practicing the piano. I mean, to really get things polished and ready, you know, concert piano ready
Lauren Anderson: It takes six, eight hours of practice. And it's not just practicing for six, eight hours. It's perfect, perfect, practice makes perfect. Because if you just practice and form, bad, bad habits, they're harder to break so you really have to very diligent concentrated
Lauren Anderson: Conscious practicing, you have to be very aware of 100% of the time. So yeah, it's, it's a
Lauren Anderson: It's a good characteristic in general. But yeah, I'm not, I don't know, it's, it's okay to me for me to make mistakes and I don't really have a problem admitting that to people either
Lauren Anderson: Or apologizing, saying, like I said before, I think, in general, I use the. I'm sorry, almost as a filler I end up doing that a lot more than I should. I know that.
Lauren Anderson: But, uh,
Lauren Anderson: But I do admit when I'm wrong, and make mistakes I've made a ton of them. And it's not a
Lauren Anderson: It's it's okay with me, you know, the perfection is in me is that doesn't. It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are we label.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, if it's not perfectionism, but let's go ahead and do this activity together and what will be in place of perfectionism, in order to accomplish this task just within the time we have.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to draw stepmother, we're going to have some adjectives. We're gonna have some words. Real quick around it. And then on to the right. It'd be nice if it was on one page. So we could juxtapose them and then you'll me and then some adjectives not looking ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: To what you think I want
Gwenevere Abriel: But letting the process unfold as it's happening just free flowing. What do we call this space. If it's not perfectionism. What will you be using in order to make this happen.
Lauren Anderson: Well I don't use perfectionism with everything. It's a nice tool for piano studying
Lauren Anderson: I'm just gonna go with it.
Lauren Anderson: Perfect. So I'm just drawing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna do the go with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay if I do my version as in the story. I'm making up in my head about it. So I'm doing the same thing, but it's just
Lauren Anderson: About you, and my stepmom you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Helping me
Gwenevere Abriel: And her step mom like what I think might be happening. Can I do it with you while
Lauren Anderson: You're doing. Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you feeling about your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your work what you're doing, you're going with the flow.
Lauren Anderson: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I finished mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time.
Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, sure, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can take your time. Take your time.
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: So drill and I just started writing characteristics and I'm
Lauren Anderson: Kind of went nuts.
Lauren Anderson: Um, and then kind of at the end.
Lauren Anderson: Really like I was quite done. I kind of was just kind of thinking, Okay, well, that kind of characteristic. And what is that, and this one, you know, going back and forth by written one trying to, you know, compare and contrast. I guess kind of what
Lauren Anderson: Your own in any way I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I do a little guidance.
Lauren Anderson: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't you look at them and and just feel in your body and labeling with an emotion inside. You don't have to tell me, but just be present with it. So the film that's in the body and a label. When you look at one side.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you feel around that person.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it like to be in its presence to be around those attributes just kind of tuned into that maybe scribble a little something down at the bottom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go over to this other image which is your therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of get a sense of how you feel physically
Gwenevere Abriel: And labeling and emotion to it when you are present with those attributes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I did the same thing. And I'm curious to see when we
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold ourselves if you're willing don't have to, but kind of want to see what we both came up with. But first, get a sense of how it feels to be around these two women.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to show me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or do you want to tell me what you drew what you wrote
Lauren Anderson: You know, this is like pointing out some. It's a little tricky in my head. You know, it's, I feel fine around my step mom now we're actually great friends I get along with her really well.
Lauren Anderson: The way she treated me
Lauren Anderson: From time she married my dad right before I turned to 12 and
Lauren Anderson: My left to move in with her sister.
Lauren Anderson: was awful. And it really set up the pattern for the guys that I was to choose after her.
Lauren Anderson: Which is a lot of the stuff that I'm sad about now. But as far as currently around her. It's okay. When I read the attributes that I know exist in her
Lauren Anderson: Things I won't say because I don't want to go there with her. It's not worth it. I'm reading all these attributes, I'd not, I would not. I don't want to be around a person like this and this behavior.
Lauren Anderson: She's, unfortunately, she's married to my father, so I occasionally go out to eat with them. I see them for holidays and I interact with her and I love her, and we get along really well now.
Lauren Anderson: It is a
Lauren Anderson: Fortunate we can never actually talked about what went on them or it'll just
Lauren Anderson: It'll happen again. It will replay.
Lauren Anderson: You have tried to
Lauren Anderson: Talk to her about it before. And she just immediately digresses regresses to abuse yelling up
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked you, though.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, you were asking about this. I was pointing out something that I saw though that
Gwenevere Abriel: The characteristics versus how I actually feel
Lauren Anderson: Around the person is different. You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, I asked, Are you okay in a different phrase, are you okay with showing me
Lauren Anderson: Now, yeah, we'll see handwriting messy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up a little higher. Want to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Higher
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, over to the right about an inch
Gwenevere Abriel: You're right on know you. You're yeah there we go, Huh, good that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so are you okay with you put it down. Thank you for sharing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you okay with just because I just read what you see on the page over the
Gwenevere Abriel: Phone.
Lauren Anderson: step mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: But wait, wait, one more experiment first before. So there's no risk that you think I wrote anything else I want you to see mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before because this was before. So, this is this was mine. So this is. This is Stefan here and she I'm not so this hand is this
Gwenevere Abriel: But she. This is a bossy finger. This is, I know what's right, gender, and then it's the word is demanding and then it is a quote do what I say and shush. And then over here, this is me. But notice the eyes. Notice the eyes, the eyebrows are the same. Can you kind of tell
Lauren Anderson: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're angry. And so then, SHE'S BIG you only see a little bit of me and on in a box. Obviously, and then I
Lauren Anderson: Couldn't generate know right the computer screen How funny I
Lauren Anderson: Like that. That's funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, cuz I am
Gwenevere Abriel: So for words, all I put so for for step mom I have demanding and do what I say and shush, and then for me. I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Accountability and rules, I think, well, that's what I wrote in to say what I wrote. And then down here for step mom for feelings. I put my bodies tense and unimportant.
Gwenevere Abriel: In this presence on important. And then here for Gwen body tense and then I put conflicted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just wanted you to know. Okay, so now, what was your just read yours.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, I really like you included yourself in the screen. That's great.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, I'm Naomi started my step mom.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, okay.
Lauren Anderson: A
Lauren Anderson: Pretty curvaceous sassy bitch cruel no qualms perfectionist OCD unsatisfied level, not very school smart.
Lauren Anderson: ultra cool in quotes, and it gives off that vibe so cool dangerous easiest person in the world to talk to huge ass her pride and joy.
Lauren Anderson: Vain
Lauren Anderson: Fashionable
Lauren Anderson: Big texts in hair.
Lauren Anderson: A big eyes in your face type of presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then over on the on the therapist one side
Lauren Anderson: Which got crew patient so kind intelligent caring invested in helping very pretty slim by basis determined
Lauren Anderson: On know bangs relaxed long hair, kind of, I said at the end there is telling you I was kind of thinking contrast things I'm
Lauren Anderson: Relaxed inviting friendly presence. So those last starting with the no banks that was at the very end, after you said you had finished and I was kind of thinking, well, what else looking from the thing where is different about them. So I added those two at the end so
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like for you to see money.
Lauren Anderson: Oh,
Lauren Anderson: Interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Your take take on us. Yeah. The Vicki describe or i remember when i mean she did all the time was ordered me around and with point her acrylic nail right my face like a
Lauren Anderson: She's yelling at me.
Lauren Anderson: To make my bed one night, for example, screaming at me because I made it that morning.
Lauren Anderson: And then she started screaming at me because my shoes. Ron and take them off at the door.
Lauren Anderson: But I was in the middle of making the bad. So I was finishing making the bed and she was screaming at me, I'm told, I told you take off your fucking shoe there. Now you know there
Lauren Anderson: But anyways, more than I, but more than that element of doing telling me what to do and everything. The biggest thing. If we were to do like a cloud like staying. She's saying it was making fun. She made fun constantly
Lauren Anderson: Feel like the really mean girl at school. The that one girl in the power to maybe in the popular crowd that were mean to everyone like the real pretty but vain bitches. THAT'S THAT WAS HER LIKE TO THE T
Doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at you as you thank you for indulging me in this just look at your two images.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Hey, if because you didn't you really said very, very little negative, you know, pretty much. He said so many nice things on my side check and see if, if, in the face if these two images. Both have bitchy faces, just check and see if they both have it.
Lauren Anderson: She has a bitchy face. I mean, she's very beautiful and smiley and friendly, so she doesn't really have a bitchy face.
Lauren Anderson: I mean I'm I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about the eyes go into the eyes get a sense of eyes between her big eyes and what it's like sort of to be in my presence. What's that's like to make eye contact.
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes up. What's your truth.
Lauren Anderson: Really
Lauren Anderson: I guess I didn't really understand the exercise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you don't have to. We're going with the flow right you're analyzing it, but instead because that's my job. You don't have to
Gwenevere Abriel: You just kind of go with the flow. So when I said just look into the eyes and get a sense of eyes and see if there's a similarity between her eyes and the therapists.
Lauren Anderson: New
Lauren Anderson: Not in the drawings, not in reality, either. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: How would they get
Lauren Anderson: Holy similarity. I would say is that you're both female and you both have lighter colored hair like
Lauren Anderson: Other than that.
Lauren Anderson: And you both have fashion sense, you know, but you're very you're very, very different personality looks body type.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, very different.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the feeling. So look at the bottom. Now, what, how did your body feels when you were looking at her. What's her name, Vicki.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're looking at Vicky, what, what's the felt sense in the body and then the emotion.
Lauren Anderson: At this point, it's just it's comical it I'm sad for her because i i don't even know she was really even aware of, like, have all said that everybody could use some therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, could be beneficial to
Lauren Anderson: Everybody in the world.
Lauren Anderson: And she doesn't need therapy. There's nothing wrong. You know, it's like that type. So it's at the end I really now.
Lauren Anderson: Because I love her, and we're friends now. I, when I look at this, it makes me kind of giggle inside because I know her, and I love her and she is all of those things. Geez. But, um, but at the end of the day, I feel sad for SAP for her because
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know how to you.
Lauren Anderson: Know progress. That's how I feel when I look at that.
Lauren Anderson: I giggle inside and then I feel very
Lauren Anderson: deep sympathy.
Lauren Anderson: It's like a grief or sadness that she has not progressed it all in. Though she's still the same psyche level that she was 25 years ago you know 3545 years ago.
Lauren Anderson: That you
Lauren Anderson: There's nothing wrong with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at her the emotion is sympathy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sympathy it's not
Lauren Anderson: Like, I feel sorry for her.
Lauren Anderson: I feel badly for her sad.
Lauren Anderson: Hey. Yeah, it is. It's a pity, I feel very badly for her that she
Lauren Anderson: So vain she think she is so perfect that
Lauren Anderson: She'll never there's no progression. She's in the same point that she was years ago so
Lauren Anderson: Then I am sad for in a giggle because it's so ironic because her package in her presentation she so friendly and I'm so cool. So pretty Adela da tell it like this. But really, I mean it's at the end. It's the great irony, because she really is the
In
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body when you're in the presence of kitty. Just get in tune with that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it respond
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're around someone that you pity she has not evolved. She just not her package presents. What is that like for you.
Lauren Anderson: Well, I mean, I think you said at the doctors said it how you know we can't really change anyone but ourselves. So I really just come to terms with it over the years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me rephrase, you have a body you have hands and arms and guts and skin and bones and tendons and viscera.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking at that image when I look at them. I have a response in my body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tension up here. I can feel my jaws tight. I'm asking you to tune in were to the self, like you look at Vicki. How does your body feel
Lauren Anderson: Like I said, I've come to terms with that my body doesn't. I have no reaction to it. I'm okay with it now really okay with it.
Lauren Anderson: I think probably the more effective.
Lauren Anderson: Things inside me is the dynamic between us, the men that I ended up being attracted to and seeking out after my experience with her has probably done more trauma things that I am not over need to deal with them with her.
Lauren Anderson: Somehow, I don't know, just over the years. I really have. It's not just bottled up. It's not repressed I
Lauren Anderson: I have come to terms with that I'm okay with it when I look at her. There's no feelings.
Lauren Anderson: Of anger and attention and my body.
Lauren Anderson: Not even talking about her. It's okay. It's okay, talking about it, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Got we've got two minutes left. Now look at the image of me on the right. I think it's on the right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's anything that gets activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of looking at that image that indeed, it'll be there again, maybe we'll, we'll meet again, I'll be there again, maybe in group to probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Mike, what happens is the body have a message. So anything gets tight.
Lauren Anderson: Anything from wary of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weary
Lauren Anderson: There we can price.
Lauren Anderson: I don't, I don't know you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really yes yes cost worry and I'm
Lauren Anderson: Going to miss trust or distrust this let me not gaining trust. I mean, it's
Lauren Anderson: obvious why extreme of not trust of trust. You know, it's not the exact opposite of that. But
Gwenevere Abriel: I used to use your word, then I didn't mean to throw myself and they're all use wary.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you know the word that I use. Do you remember the one I did.
Lauren Anderson: Oh, you said accountability. Is that what you're talking about. Are you talking about up higher on the page.
Gwenevere Abriel: Conflicted
Lauren Anderson: Oh conflict if
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever see
Lauren Anderson: I don't know conflicted just a undecided.
Lauren Anderson: pretty skeptical of everything and everyone tonight. I like to actually say, hey, I take, I've got a grain of salt for everything pretty much I've ever taken them just a healthy grain of salt. So yeah, we're yeah
Lauren Anderson: I don't know, I'm sure I don't know you. Very well. We don't know each other very well so
Lauren Anderson: I
Lauren Anderson: Got my I feel a little bit my heart raced Wednesday for
Lauren Anderson: me first ask me that, look here at your image. Yeah I tensed up in my, my heart race right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep heart raced So was it when you were actually looking at my real my real image in the video right
Lauren Anderson: As you as you were saying, look at my image without this out. But, you know, how does that make you feel. Yes, thinking of that. But, uh,
Lauren Anderson: Uh, not not saying necessarily near defense but as qualifier.
Lauren Anderson: Anyone and everyone that I have relations with that I see on a regular basis. Currently I have the same feelings about if I think about them. Or if I were to do the same. I have that same anxiety or do much with everyone and anyone that's in my regular life interpersonal dynamic
Lauren Anderson: Anxiety.
And
Lauren Anderson: Mr wariness
Grain of salt.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got an A string group, don't jump.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jump out just stay here with
Gwenevere Abriel: A known for just a little, a little transition and sort of just breathe in my eyes are closed. I'm not staring at you. I know for me I want to have a transition. I want to honor that you did the go with the flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were asked to do something may not have done exactly like this before, kind of going into the unknown, which does ask you to trust me just talk a little bit and you did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of. Let's honor that that that happened and I trusted
Gwenevere Abriel: That that would be okay. And I wouldn't be overly intrusive or that I wouldn't push you away. I had to trust in us that they would be okay that we would, we would have a positive outcome we could be spontaneous.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it would be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you open your eyes will kind of turn our attention to scheduling another appointment. I'm kind of in life that I've already sent a message to Dr. Rob reality we're here already sent that I sent that minutes ago. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, do you have any anything kind of some constraints for next week.
Lauren Anderson: Nope, just walking my dog practice in panel. It's all stuff that can work around Um, what do you have
Lauren Anderson: Available. I don't not early in the morning, preferably please
Lauren Anderson: I guess that's only
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have the same time 11 o'clock on day 19, could you make that work.
Lauren Anderson: Sure. Um, is that an open time for you. Like, could we make that our regular time
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, um, that's not a bad idea. Hey, yeah, I can hold that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: All kind of kind of pretend. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Okay. I like the idea is, he had mentioned that like a couple of weeks ago how actually when we were talking about the house cleaning thing, um,
Lauren Anderson: How having like a schedule a routine or whatever. And even if it's just once or twice a week now with the group therapy, having the same time, but it's helpful for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Lauren Anderson: Get back in the swing of things so
Gwenevere Abriel: For 11 O'clock next Tuesday for individual therapy and I look forward to seeing you then, as well as in group.
Lauren Anderson: Cool, thank you. When you too.